Nangong Qing is not doing anything at this time, and when will it be?
This seat accepts your order to announce
Cancel the post of the so-called General of Extermination
Take back all the rewards at the same time?
Sad sir, what does this mean?
Could it be that you are really a big shot?
That's not possible.
Lord Nangong
He is a village woman
How can I let you do things for him?
I'm not that you found the wrong person.
Lord, you must not be deceived by that woman
His highest status
It's just General You's Xiatang bully
It's not worth it at all
That's him. He just insulted you weirdly.
These charges together killed him 10,000 times
People like this should be killed in court
To the city
You dog mouth
I want this banquet today
The people who should be killed the most in this game are you idiots
Lord Nanguang
Now, this is a room of mansion power.
Even if you are the commander of the armed forces
You should also consider whether you can be so insulting
powerful
All of you here put together.
Into the eyes of Lord Moore
Wu Guiying didn't expect you to meet Nangong
I told you earlier that I could still keep you as a concubine